I have seen some problem collectors very
few of them want the help they so
desperately need but David does as part
of his move into his new place David is
looking to uncollect years of
accumulated Retro Gaming gear which
means this is our last chance to
shame I mean check out all of his cool
goodies and there are some very cool
goodies in here alongside some most
puzzling choices this seems like a
useful siiz TV if only there was some
way to play these games in a browser for
nothing I have a lot more questions but
before we get to them it's get help o'
and by the end of this video I'm going
to help David auction this entire
collection so stay tuned for more
details on how you can be the proud
owner of some of this it's good just
like you can be the proud owner of the
segue to our sponsor War Thunder it'd be
pretty cool to fly a jet or drive a tank
and War Thunder's gameplay is about as
close as you can get from the comfort of
your own home so don't wait play for
free using our Link in the video
description oh my goodness I kind of
caught a glimpse of the corner over
there and I was like oh that's not that
bad and then I didn't realize that all
of this is part of it too yes some of
this stuff doesn't even make sense in
television 2 is not your childhood
neither is the Atari 78 oh my God it's
the other side too you told me this side
was other stuff but you meant only this
I need help
why do you have so many receivers well I
okay it's only two I guess but you never
know what odd situation you'll get
yourself into with retro video stuff and
I want to be covered in every single
base but you can only play one
PlayStation 3 at a time I can't even
play a single one they're all broken
this shelf says works oh I moved stuff
around oh my God this Shelf has its own
issues with working or not working it's
an insurance scam don't worry about it
this wall is the stuff that I've chosen
to get rid of but inside of these boxes
are all the things that I'm actually
planning on keeping unless lonus can
convince me otherwise what do you need
all of this for well I mean like this is
like a Super Nintendo box I want to get
rid of box Super Nintendo games but you
don't need it this is worth like $300
Canadian dollars for what emulation of
this game is perfect yeah I also own
like six other copies on different
consoles but like it's a Super Nintendo
box copy it's pretty cool you're never
going to play NBA Jam again that's not
true actually I might play NBA Jam
you're definitely not going to play
Super Ghouls and ghosts it
actually I prob no pilot Wings on the
other hand though why would I play pilot
Wings if I'm not going to play NBA Jam
what means you have so much better than
pilot Wings you kiding me pilot Wings is
my childhood the most valuable game I I
own is in this box there you go now
you're
getting it's just a little valuable is
FIV they're all in the protective things
I'm going to say King of Fighters 99 no
that one is not it's g mark of the
Wolves this one is like 550 600 Canadian
why Neo Geo stuff's really uncommon
there's both the arcade stuff the mvs
stuff and the home stuff and neither
sold particularly well when you look at
like collector numbers there's a huge
Rarity to these and this is fatal Fury 4
essentially so it's part of a franchise
that people love and it's like the best
one and this is kind of the only way to
play it got it do you have a I have a
couple option one option two this is a
Slicker all-in-one consolized version of
an arcade board that I made so you buy a
kit and then you take a board out out of
an arcade and convert it and then I have
literally just the arcade board and a
super gun that slides into the gamma
slot and then you get uh video out and
controller slots there is far too much
stuff on the keep side I don't think so
both of these are on the keep side uh
okay
so David how many Neo GEOS can one man
play at a time two no well I I have
friends okay how much of this stuff are
you looking to get rid of I'm ready to
get rid of pretty much all of it then
why is it that when I walked in earlier
you had the garage divided down the
middle between things that you are
planning to get rid of and the much
larger pile of things that you're
planning to keep when I wrote the script
I was planning on lying and hi hiding a
bunch of stuff from you but uh I came
around to my good senses and I need your
help to get rid of it all why don't we
start with everything that you had
already resolved to get rid of let's go
over here like this for example is
something that I could actually see you
justifying to yourself This is a scope
but for Sega yeah it's basically their
light gun version for the Genesis it's
like modular which is kind of
cool for Nintendo Wii I actually got
these uh one of my free pickups oh my
God there's three of them the Wii ones
are actually highly desirable for PC
modding cuz you can play use them in
Clone hero so they're actually very
useful uh but I don't know if I have the
motivation anymore to mod them to clone
here them so are these in the pile yeah
those are all in the pile I I might keep
one next up we could do something that
I'm actually unsure about which is all
my analog consoles so I am a big fan of
these analog fpga consoles I have the
Genesis the Super Nintendo one the turbo
Graphics one and I also have the pocket
and I love them and I love being able to
put the cartridges in and use them and
it's all super easy but if I'm going Mis
you don't need them
bye okay no they're in the right place
then don't take them back over there
tell me about this one there's actually
not much modding to that one it's been
soft modded and I just replaced the
shell like most of the stuff that I do
when I mod it there's probably like a
missing part I think there's missing uh
something but it works how many we did
you keep zero really I'm going full
emulation with Wii we're going dolphin
baby wow so do you have your weot
working on PC and everything I tried I
got third party remotes from AliExpress
that don't really play nice with PC so
that's something I still need to figure
out got it what you have all this stuff
and you don't have any first party Wii
remotes I have like one people don't
give away Wii remotes they give away wi
okay we've got a PSP 3DS Game Boy Color
Game Boy Advance Game Boy SP uh Swan
more Game Boy Advance I think there's
like nine or 10 game boys maybe not
quite and all of them are probably the
worst way to experience the games for
these platforms I think this one has
been modded it has the IPS screen and so
that's actually a pretty sweet way to
play Game Boy Advance games do you want
to you want to lot turn it on sure what
do you want to play oh David I'll play
Rugrats okay oh don't do that why is it
in the key pile this is not the key pile
this is that actually is just I was
going to get clear containers so it was
easier to show
off I don't even know if this works
David no I'm kidding I'm kidding I'm not
going to do that I'm not going to do
that 1999 Viacom International Inc
license by Nintendo backlit screen can't
even see what's on this screen yeah this
actually looks pretty darn good I never
had a Game Boy Advance really yeah you
want one nope really switch doesn't make
the cut there's another switch in there
somewhere that is making the cut this
one's a V1 so it's modded and a modded
V1 doesn't make the cut you'd rather
have the OLED I'd rather have a PC
capable of playing switch
games so then why are you keeping a
switch it's not mine it's it's my kids
you must have spent an absolute fortune
on this if I look at my price charting
collection just the Retro stuff is worth
about 32 Grand Canadian and I'm pretty
good at recording what I've spent and
I've spent about 7 Grand so I did pretty
good in terms of value to what I have
but you have so much stuff if you're not
realizing that value it's an unrealized
game it's exactly it's nothing so this
is stuff that I don't have any
particular attachment to I have Xbox
games and lots of PS2 games that I'm
keeping why do you even own this I
bought a lot of stuff with the intent of
making content about it I never got
around to it I'm just not focused enough
but I was going to be like let's find
the worst games ever so I think there's
a bunch of Pixar games somewhere uh and
I was going to be like I'm going to do a
Roundup of all the worst Pixar games
there is so much here we can't hope to
fit in the YouTube cut so if you want to
see the extras lmg g/f flat plane we're
going to have it linked down below this
I'm a little bit interested in you have
a Japanese Final Fantasy Tactics this
has got to be worth something yeah
they're worth less than North American
copies but they're still worth something
really why is that RPGs were a lot more
popular in Japan around this time and so
like there's just more copies available
this is such a good game though today
play it go play it today genuinely good
how how the bloody many copies of Dragon
Quest 7 do you have I would buy big lots
of games from Japan so I'd get these
boxes of like 100 games or whatever and
I would kind of sort through them and
and donate or sell the rest with the
idea of getting games that I couldn't
really afford North American copies like
uh cloa door to the Phantom a it's like
$150 $200 game and I want it but I don't
want it that bad but in Japan it's like
15 bucks it looks weird on your shelf
not having everything match so like I've
got to get a whole Japanese shelf and so
that became a whole thing no that is not
logic out of this is logic enough
looking at the shelf of things he
already recognizes that he needs to get
rid of the point of helping someone is
not to kick them while they're down the
point of helping them is to help them
and I think we need to go over to the
other side of the things he thinks he's
keeping so this is my PC stuff old
Bluetooth a bit do stuff okay Genesis SN
transparent 360 controller yeah and
you've got to have at least one 360
controller is this the only one this the
only one St I have to say I'm surprised
you don't have more four Xbox One and
Xbox series controllers though I don't
have an Xbox console I haven't owned one
since the 360 days but they're so great
for PC it's just plug and play I like my
AIT one okay this seems pretty
reasonable this is a lot of PlayStation
controllers I use those for PC2 dual
shock 3 that's a PS1 controller dual
shock 4 how many dual shock 4S do you
have I used to hold on a second David
you're up to six brother seven
eight I used to have multiple PS4s and
multiple roommates and so we would like
need all those
nine also dual shock 4 is actually a
great all-arounder controller you can
connect it to your Mister you can
connect it to your PC it's got a good
d-pad and so this is like my go-to I can
play anything controller David yeah you
used to live with a bunch of Roommates
you used to have a bunch of PlayStation
4s you used to have friends I demand you
get rid of five of them I got get five
or four you can keep one spare I'm
surprised at how easy that was you
really have changed I'm ready to make a
change in my life wait how many memory
cards do you need though well not all
some of those are just Wireless dongles
for the the thingies look I I got to
show you the bin of PlayStation
controllers I'm getting rid of then
you'll understand why this is such a
success okay let's have a look good
gravy brother I think there's like eight
PS2 controllers in there like five or
six PS1 ones and like several PS3s it's
ter we made a video about this you
included it in a video about fixing your
controllers and then you were like yeah
sometimes it's not worth actually fixing
it and this is a good good idea is this
just PlayStation yeah oh yeah you want
to see the Xbox uh Xbox one that's kind
of nice yeah I resolved that I was not
buying anything from him before I came I
had to tell myself that before I even
saw anything because it's probably wise
I think you know that I would be tempted
like I'm so tempted right now like I
have some drift issues with my wireless
Xbox 360 controllers keep I'll keep it
aside for later oh this one's so cool
too
though you okay yeah I KN right on that
screw wle wle
wle oh my God okay how much for a sest
controller for you yeah I need one I
don't know like 10 bucks well no no no
no I'll pay a fair price feel like 10
bucks is fine
I I have no idea what they're were I
think they're like 20 bucks I'll take
this one okay I like your LTT cable tie
definitely not stolen from work damn it
I bought one thing just the dam is
broken I lent Luke one of mine because
he's finally playing Final Fantasy 3
I've been badgering him or six but three
for SNES I've been badgering him for
years to play it and I was like play it
with a SNES controller so I lent him one
of my SNES controllers and my USB
adapter it's Luke so I'm probably never
getting it back so so Luke me $10 yeah
basically what do you think Super
Nintendo multitap should I keep it no
there's like four games yeah but they're
support yeah but you could play them on
an emulator I mean that's part of this
whole thing is you're trying to simplify
everything down to the things that you
actually need in order to enjoy the
games that you're going to actually play
that's true so hold on a second with
that in mind are we not cutting deep
enough wait how did this end up over
here I have no idea
David you want it no this goes back in
the bin I feel like we haven't done
enough of this up until now this is like
you're supposed to actually not just be
recouping money for the new place you're
right you're supposed to be saving space
and making the new space one that can be
enjoyed not just by you and sweaty weird
retro nerds but also like by the kid and
Theo and guests and stuff you know like
adulting okay okay okay keep a
PS2 okay Devil's Advocate you've seen
what's happened with PS2 emulation in
the last week it's basically perfect now
why wouldn't you keep something that
actually has a practical purpose for
when you need to play a game with
perfect Fidelity you do not need this
but emulation is so good that I don't
need any of this okay great but I want
it I want it so bad dude you have even
more Dreamcast control you don't need to
keep a bunch of Dreamcast controllers
what are you talking about those are the
ones that I'm like I have to keep how
many four why power stone 2 when's the
last time you played Power Stone 2 two
years ago and when was the time before
that never no no Dreamcast
controllers two what about two original
ones that are cool and two modern ones
that are also great you don't need them
can't you play Dreamcast games on an
emulator with a different controller you
can Dude the layout's not even like
uniquely anything you could get any
number of different controllers and
experience this layout a dual shock 4 I
need more bring them back you have
enough dual shock fours are you keeping
a Dreamcast I was planning on keeping
one Dreamcast I think you should ditch
the Dreamcast what are you going to play
with loading times no it has the SD card
reader David that's two dream casts yeah
but one has an optical drive so get rid
of that one fine and this one
so it has a gdm so you can play games
from an SD card it's awesome it's pretty
awesome I think we should limit the
amount of consoles I'm allowed to keep
to five I have like 50 lonus okay that's
10% I'll tell you what five including
your
Mister says
four fine four including the mister okay
Dreamcast would be one of those okay and
the SD card one yeah yeah yeah yeah for
sure pick three
moreing kill me Sega Saturn emulation is
actually pretty mid it's never been that
popular and so no one's really bothered
to go all the way out this one's also
modded with an SD card this is a very
good console and I actually use a fair
bit can I make a suggestion yeah no more
just
two but I like them oh my God you're
right I have to no I can't what are you
going to do with an OG Xbox look at it
nothing I don't know but I I won't be
able to do it if it's gone what are you
going to do with a Panasonic 3dio
interactive multiplayer real probably
nothing yeah you're not going to play a
3DO game dude but I'll play PS2 yeah but
you're going to play it on an fpga or on
a PC you're not going to play it on that
you're going to use upscaling and
upgraded textures the experience is
actually better you're right it's better
but it hurts the PS2 is my
favorite well then it can be one of your
four just recognize you're not going to
use it I need the money okay it's gone
it's
gone actually very proud of him he's
getting into the market he's worked very
hard to save up well hey at Le you know
what no no to his credit though he's
been a relatively responsible collector
buying
low eventually selling high and my
understanding is this is a big part of
the down payment oh I've already the
down payment is already separate this is
for fixing the house so I bought a place
that needs repairs and needs a lot of
work this money is going towards getting
the house to aable but this was a part
of enabling oh 100 1 million per. I
would not have been able to do it
without all of this then we need to dig
deep so we can keep the Saturn because
emulation is not in a good State
everything else here emulation is fine
remember it's about what it's about if
you're a collector and the purpose is
having a collection then that's one
thing but if you're a gamer and
and David's a gamer and the idea is to
play the games when you want to play
them then we've got to keep the
objective in mind which is get the house
fixed up yes and game I we don't need
these things for that however what I
would say is that a game Corner could
absolutely have some games especially
ones that are very meaningful to you as
part of the decor even if you fully
understand the point is not to play them
that's fair so with that in mind
dude that one I don't think has any
games in it okay that one's just records
I was going to say
this wait no no records there's not very
many records oh God there is some stuff
oh my God
David it can go I genuinely don't know
how that got in there that's not mine
baby that's not my bag baby why do you
need it is
that you don't need
it you know I'm right I don't know you
know what sure I'll allow it this is a
very cool Lion King statue yeah I just
got it I wanted to try it I think if you
can work this into the decor that's
probably fine okay you'll notice I
didn't tell them to get rid of all the
guitars for example there are video game
experiences that are not easily
replicated with a generic you know 8bit
do controller but I expect to see that
in the final setup as part of a
tastefully decorated Corner man see I
want I started out not wanting to be too
bossy and stuff but I realized you can't
intervention unless you get a little bit
bossy how many consoles am I allowed to
keep you've got two plus the mister uh
you wanted to keep your Neo Geo right I
want to keep this Neo Geo okay you're
keeping the PS2 he took the damn PS2
while I wasn't looking you don't need
that but I want okay you know what you
know what I'm putting here for now until
I find something to replace it tasteful
Decor yeah because you've kind of got a
thing going on with your transparent
modded consoles that's kind of the idea
that's sort of what prioritized consoles
I was keeping is if they look good okay
fine that's four though you don't get
any more you have to sub one out if you
I think that's fair why is this PS3
buried in blankets get rid of it no no
can't it's not even the cool fat
backwards compatible
one you're not wrong PS3 I could kind of
see because PS3 emulation is still not
perfect it's pretty good though it's
pretty good I would keep this over the
PS2 though that's for sure once you've
set it on camera you're committ though
you're right cuz this is going to be
like what the lot is so you can't say oh
yeah something's going to be available
guys you are going to get a chance to
take a crack at this stuff David's going
to be putting it up as soon as this
video is up so you can't bamboozle them
and when we come look at the finished
corner you can't hide stuff the
Integrity of the house cleaning we're
doing has to be
maintained P it out wow you swear on I
swear I won't bamboozle or hide anything
on Chrono Trigger that's a serious gamer
pledge is this pretty much it for the
games that you had planned to keep the
oh my gosh oh no oh no oh no
okay guys this is not haming it up for
the camera that is a look of actual
concern consternation I think is
probably the word I'm looking
for I'll tell you what mhm for every
modern
console no questions asked keep whatever
for every retro console I want you down
to 10
games what if I say zero on some
consoles can I take that 10 and move it
to a different console no I don't think
I can do it I don't think I can do it
David the point of this is what can be
Tastefully displayed on essentially a
console unit or a shelf how about this
for every entire console you eliminate
you can have five more games this is the
worst day of my life it comes from a
place of Love David probably keep Mario
Strikers probably keep we should start
with the not keep David 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
9 10 11
12 no but that's only 60 FPS version
soulcaliber 2 bye bye-bye I did
it really GameCube was easy there's only
eight games to get rid of
yeah PS3 is going to be a little bit
harder there's so many games 1 2 3 4 5 6
7 8 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 you can trade
a whole console do you want to trade
Away Genesis
no okay okay okay okay I'm not counting
anything as a console that you have less
than five games for though if you have
one game of something that does not
count I said it was a two to one trade
I'm letting you get away with one to one
okay okay I don't need two copies of the
Puppeteer what did you mean we're going
to keep two two copies of it yeah how is
this paring down one one is sealed and
the other one I play no you can keep a
sealed one and play an emulated one I
know you're right now now that I'm doing
that that makes more sense oh my
goodness this is really cool too because
it really gives people some insight into
what games are important to you and what
games they're going to have a shot at in
the auction all right I'm so sorry David
this one's going to be hard Playstation
One some easy ones that I know I have to
keep like Symphony of the nights my one
of my favorite games of all time oh my
god well I have seven that are like not
negotiables that I have to keep I feel
really bad he's not putting it on for
the camera he's genuinely struggling
with this right now but having gone
through a big move recently and seeing
how much better it is to declutter my
life as part of that process I think
it's the right thing and if this wasn't
what he really wanted he didn't have to
ask me to come here and make him make
these hard choices but he
did the video I pitched was very
different than this one so surprisingly
didn't keep any final fantasies even
though the PS1 has pretty pretty much
everything up until n nine so good seven
overrated didn't keep Final Fantasy
Tactics the copy I have is like a half
like the case isn't legit so I don't
feel too bad about getting rid of it
okay but the disc is real the disc is
real you want it no
maybe you know what how about this David
to take some of the sting out of it I'm
going to give up my vow but I will pay
you double market value for anything I
buy price charting is Market value sure
I'm going to buy tactics I'll buy that
Nest controller so far I've played
tactics so many times and confession
time I've never owned a legit copy I've
been meaning to have one because I
played through it four times 20 bucks
just just with the disc okay cuz the
case isn't really worth much cuz it
doesn't have the instruction manual so
40 oh yeah you're doing double oh yeah
so anything you can sell me yeah oh okay
so 40 oh sheesh okay okay so I'm
doubling that SN controller so I'm
saying another 50 I'm adding that to the
list I'm starting to like
this let's do an easy one
Dreamcast easy well easy in terms of the
sheer number that you're going to have
to get rid of okay crazy pitch I
sacrificed the the Dreamcast for five
more of something else what you're going
to sacrifice the Dreamcast I'm not going
to play toy Commander Quake 3 it's kind
of fun to play with the terrible control
scheme Sonic Adventure there's way
better ways to play it uh this is just
AO you really need Crazy Taxi like I
like I do like these games I want to
keep those but remember you kept a
Dreamcast so you're going to have to
take a bit of a position then on playing
games you didn't keep physical copies
for oh knowing of course that Sega
is not going to make a dollar from any
of this anyway well and they're
re-releasing several of these games or
REM making some of these games and I am
going to buy those like the new Crazy
Taxi you can bet your ass I'm going to
be buying that okay look I've never said
that piracy is something you can't do
what I've said is you need to find your
own personal guiding star for it for now
I'm not keeping any Dreamcast games okay
so you've got five credits in the bank
it's time to look at the Sega
Saturn you break it and you buy it I
guess that works out for you cuz it's
double the price if I buy anything don't
break SI Saturn stuff you won't like the
double price on the S of Saturns some of
these are like just cases if I actually
had this game it' be like 1,500 bucks
so I don't have
it Mr Bones is so cool it's time for a
really hard one here comes PS2 PS2 is
impossible have you seen how many
PS2 games there are the stress
is getting real I'm so sorry
David how am I doing 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
nine this is the last of the PS2 games
where's the pile to be sorted still uh
this has all been sorted don't forget
you've given up Dreamcast so far you
could use your extra five on PS2 it's
weird once I've kind of like started
calling I realize that I don't need them
most of them don't actually mean that
much do they no PaRappa the Rapper 2
makes the cut Banger one of my favorite
alltime games crack the egg into the bow
crack crack crack the egg the bowl we're
going to bake as a cake we never oh
there's more there's more oh my god oh
there we were about to do the aftershot
and we found another pile of PS2 okay
well here um um maybe Monster Rancher
and you know what I have a good
swap the only question with Xbox and
Xbox 360 is if you want to for gold them
completely no I can't that's uh Jennifer
halil that signed
that at 360 I'm keeping mostly so that I
can emulate these cuz I want to like
make my own little remaster of Lost
Odyssey but I don't really need golden
eye Sega Genesis Mega
Drive there's more um um um 1 2 3 4 5 6
7 8
[Music]
10 okay it's time for a really hard one
I might use my 10 credits five credits I
believe you have 10 keep keep keep keep
keep keep keep I could get rid of this
this is a Repro this is also a Repro 14
15 I actually saw five credits somewhere
if I want to recover some how dare you
disrespect pilot wings like that this is
my childhood David how much did you want
it for I don't want
[Music]
it you did a good job on
this that's cash money I can't look at
it I don't think we're done yet what are
left oh oh oh no do you have any credit
left for SN I have five I have your
Chrono Trigger here brother I have F
that's obviously coming okay I'm I'm not
even that's not negotiable okay yeah
that's fine what else are we looking at
here so this is a drone gimbal yeah none
this stuff super interesting there's a
lot of cables here but I feel like
that's something that you can go through
in Purge once you're done setting up and
you realize you don't need all of these
cables and they can go we did pretty
well today you you can say that I'm
impressed both by how much you had
decided on your own to get rid of before
I got here and how much more you managed
to add to the pile once we went through
it together there's definitely some
stuff in here that's super cool and
there are collectors out there that are
going to be extremely lucky to get their
hands on them like what are these PS2
are those Dev kits they're PSX so
they're Japan only DVR ps2's they're
very rare they're very sought after cuz
they don't usually work these ones all
turn on and the hard drives work the
lasers are kind of going in all three of
them but they're still very sought after
especially the one that's in the Box
super cool yeah so look forward to
seeing this stuff at the auction so you
can help fund David's move into his new
place yeah
I'm sorry
David and I'm sorry to tell you about
our sponsor War Thunder with War Thunder
you can blow a tank to Smither a digital
one of course War Thunder has immersive
player versus player combat with an
emphasis on the realistic details of
their over 2,000 vehicles to the point
where every single vehicle is modeled
after its realworld counterpart you can
pilot some of the most famous tanks
planes and ships from the World War II
era all the way up to war machines used
today and if the gameplay seems a little
too intimidating War Thunder has some
game modes to make starting as a
newcomer a lot smoother there's built-in
tools like the damage x-ray view that
will help you strategize after each
round and you can see how and where you
damaged enemy vehicles to give you a
better plan for the next game War
Thunder is available on PC Mac
PlayStation and Xbox and you can start
playing for free right now alongside
over 70 million other players just click
our Link in the description to get
started today and I'm sorry the fun is
over until part two when we check out
David's new gaming setup this is going
to be so different because unlike AMD
ultimate Tech upgrade or setup Doctor
David doesn't have a budget from lmg
he's just getting some resources to help
him make the space super cool so help
him out we're going to have his listings
linked down below by the time this video
goes up yeah yeah I'll have that figured
out and I'll have gotten over this and
I'll be better and I'll be strong again
you'll be completely over it